https://github.com/torvalds/linux/archive/master.zip -O torvalds--linux.zip
https://github.com/antirez/redis/archive/master.zip -O antirez--redis.zip
https://github.com/git/git/archive/master.zip -O git--git.zip
https://github.com/kripken/emscripten/archive/master.zip -O kripken--emscripten.zip
https://github.com/php/php-src/archive/master.zip -O php--php-src.zip
https://github.com/Bilibili/ijkplayer/archive/master.zip -O Bilibili--ijkplayer.zip
https://github.com/grpc/grpc/archive/master.zip -O grpc--grpc.zip
https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Android/archive/master.zip -O WhisperSystems--Signal-Android.zip
https://github.com/DrKLO/Telegram/archive/master.zip -O DrKLO--Telegram.zip
https://github.com/liuliu/ccv/archive/master.zip -O liuliu--ccv.zip
https://github.com/FFmpeg/FFmpeg/archive/master.zip -O FFmpeg--FFmpeg.zip
https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/archive/master.zip -O mpv-player--mpv.zip
https://github.com/openssl/openssl/archive/master.zip -O openssl--openssl.zip
https://github.com/fastos/fastsocket/archive/master.zip -O fastos--fastsocket.zip
https://github.com/raspberrypi/linux/archive/master.zip -O raspberrypi--linux.zip
https://github.com/jgamblin/Mirai-Source-Code/archive/master.zip -O jgamblin--Mirai-Source-Code.zip
https://github.com/SoftEtherVPN/SoftEtherVPN/archive/master.zip -O SoftEtherVPN--SoftEtherVPN.zip
https://github.com/cinder/Cinder/archive/master.zip -O cinder--Cinder.zip
https://github.com/nodemcu/nodemcu-firmware/archive/master.zip -O nodemcu--nodemcu-firmware.zip
https://github.com/gali8/Tesseract-OCR-iOS/archive/master.zip -O gali8--Tesseract-OCR-iOS.zip
https://github.com/PowerShell/Win32-OpenSSH/archive/master.zip -O PowerShell--Win32-OpenSSH.zip
https://github.com/postgres/postgres/archive/master.zip -O postgres--postgres.zip
https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd/archive/master.zip -O freebsd--freebsd.zip
https://github.com/videolan/vlc/archive/master.zip -O videolan--vlc.zip
https://github.com/raspberrypi/firmware/archive/master.zip -O raspberrypi--firmware.zip
https://github.com/msysgit/msysgit/archive/master.zip -O msysgit--msysgit.zip
https://github.com/pocoproject/poco/archive/master.zip -O pocoproject--poco.zip
https://github.com/rmtheis/tess-two/archive/master.zip -O rmtheis--tess-two.zip
https://github.com/libretro/RetroArch/archive/master.zip -O libretro--RetroArch.zip
https://github.com/cleanflight/cleanflight/archive/master.zip -O cleanflight--cleanflight.zip
https://github.com/apache/httpd/archive/master.zip -O apache--httpd.zip
https://github.com/erincatto/Box2D/archive/master.zip -O erincatto--Box2D.zip
https://github.com/android/platform_development/archive/master.zip -O android--platform_development.zip
https://github.com/mpc-hc/mpc-hc/archive/master.zip -O mpc-hc--mpc-hc.zip
https://github.com/damonkohler/sl4a/archive/master.zip -O damonkohler--sl4a.zip
https://github.com/Kitware/CMake/archive/master.zip -O Kitware--CMake.zip
https://github.com/urbit/urbit/archive/master.zip -O urbit--urbit.zip
https://github.com/AtomicGameEngine/AtomicGameEngine/archive/master.zip -O AtomicGameEngine--AtomicGameEngine.zip
https://github.com/esp8266/esp8266-wiki/archive/master.zip -O esp8266--esp8266-wiki.zip
https://github.com/rhomobile/rhodes/archive/master.zip -O rhomobile--rhodes.zip
https://github.com/darktable-org/darktable/archive/master.zip -O darktable-org--darktable.zip
https://github.com/RIOT-OS/RIOT/archive/master.zip -O RIOT-OS--RIOT.zip
https://github.com/qemu/qemu/archive/master.zip -O qemu--qemu.zip
https://github.com/johnkerl/miller/archive/master.zip -O johnkerl--miller.zip
https://github.com/gcc-mirror/gcc/archive/master.zip -O gcc-mirror--gcc.zip
https://github.com/deanmao/node-chimera/archive/master.zip -O deanmao--node-chimera.zip
https://github.com/weechat/weechat/archive/master.zip -O weechat--weechat.zip
https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Docs/archive/master.zip -O KhronosGroup--Vulkan-Docs.zip
https://github.com/pili-engineering/PLPlayerKit/archive/master.zip -O pili-engineering--PLPlayerKit.zip
https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/archive/master.zip -O ARMmbed--mbed-os.zip
https://github.com/magnumripper/JohnTheRipper/archive/master.zip -O magnumripper--JohnTheRipper.zip
https://github.com/cmusphinx/pocketsphinx/archive/master.zip -O cmusphinx--pocketsphinx.zip
https://github.com/ellson/graphviz/archive/master.zip -O ellson--graphviz.zip
https://github.com/ms-iot/samples/archive/master.zip -O ms-iot--samples.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/LVS/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--LVS.zip
https://github.com/MiCode/Xiaomi_Kernel_OpenSource/archive/master.zip -O MiCode--Xiaomi_Kernel_OpenSource.zip
https://github.com/ctfs/write-ups-2016/archive/master.zip -O ctfs--write-ups-2016.zip
https://github.com/minix3/minix/archive/master.zip -O minix3--minix.zip
https://github.com/RT-Thread/rt-thread/archive/master.zip -O RT-Thread--rt-thread.zip
https://github.com/GNOME/gimp/archive/master.zip -O GNOME--gimp.zip
https://github.com/paparazzi/paparazzi/archive/master.zip -O paparazzi--paparazzi.zip
https://github.com/lavabit/magma/archive/master.zip -O lavabit--magma.zip
https://github.com/McNopper/OpenGL/archive/master.zip -O McNopper--OpenGL.zip
https://github.com/ketoo/NoahGameFrame/archive/master.zip -O ketoo--NoahGameFrame.zip
https://github.com/wireshark/wireshark/archive/master.zip -O wireshark--wireshark.zip
https://github.com/moonlight-stream/moonlight-pc/archive/master.zip -O moonlight-stream--moonlight-pc.zip
https://github.com/isislovecruft/library/archive/master.zip -O isislovecruft--library.zip
https://github.com/ldcsaa/HP-Socket/archive/master.zip -O ldcsaa--HP-Socket.zip
https://github.com/openwrt/openwrt/archive/master.zip -O openwrt--openwrt.zip
https://github.com/twain47/Nominatim/archive/master.zip -O twain47--Nominatim.zip
https://github.com/ImageMagick/ImageMagick/archive/master.zip -O ImageMagick--ImageMagick.zip
https://github.com/spark/firmware/archive/master.zip -O spark--firmware.zip
https://github.com/edent/BMW-OpenSource/archive/master.zip -O edent--BMW-OpenSource.zip
https://github.com/orangeduck/Corange/archive/master.zip -O orangeduck--Corange.zip
https://github.com/adobe-flash/crossbridge/archive/master.zip -O adobe-flash--crossbridge.zip
https://github.com/Gnucash/gnucash/archive/master.zip -O Gnucash--gnucash.zip
https://github.com/devsisters/goquic/archive/master.zip -O devsisters--goquic.zip
https://github.com/0intro/plan9/archive/master.zip -O 0intro--plan9.zip
https://github.com/Olde-Skuul/doom3do/archive/master.zip -O Olde-Skuul--doom3do.zip
https://github.com/brave/browser-ios/archive/master.zip -O brave--browser-ios.zip
https://github.com/openwrt-mirror/openwrt/archive/master.zip -O openwrt-mirror--openwrt.zip
https://github.com/FreeRADIUS/freeradius-server/archive/master.zip -O FreeRADIUS--freeradius-server.zip
https://github.com/igraph/igraph/archive/master.zip -O igraph--igraph.zip
https://github.com/domoticz/domoticz/archive/master.zip -O domoticz--domoticz.zip
https://github.com/Harvey-OS/harvey/archive/master.zip -O Harvey-OS--harvey.zip
https://github.com/mackyle/sqlite/archive/master.zip -O mackyle--sqlite.zip
https://github.com/Hexxeh/rpi-firmware/archive/master.zip -O Hexxeh--rpi-firmware.zip
https://github.com/crosslife/OpenBird/archive/master.zip -O crosslife--OpenBird.zip
https://github.com/libav/libav/archive/master.zip -O libav--libav.zip
https://github.com/parrot/parrot/archive/master.zip -O parrot--parrot.zip
https://github.com/tomojitakasu/RTKLIB/archive/master.zip -O tomojitakasu--RTKLIB.zip
https://github.com/illumos/illumos-gate/archive/master.zip -O illumos--illumos-gate.zip
https://github.com/openlink/virtuoso-opensource/archive/master.zip -O openlink--virtuoso-opensource.zip
https://github.com/TauLabs/TauLabs/archive/master.zip -O TauLabs--TauLabs.zip
https://github.com/rathena/rathena/archive/master.zip -O rathena--rathena.zip
https://github.com/synthetos/TinyG/archive/master.zip -O synthetos--TinyG.zip
https://github.com/renard314/textfairy/archive/master.zip -O renard314--textfairy.zip
https://github.com/MaJerle/stm32f429/archive/master.zip -O MaJerle--stm32f429.zip
https://github.com/multipath-tcp/mptcp/archive/master.zip -O multipath-tcp--mptcp.zip
https://github.com/tianocore/edk2/archive/master.zip -O tianocore--edk2.zip
https://github.com/gwaldron/osgearth/archive/master.zip -O gwaldron--osgearth.zip
https://github.com/urbit/archaeology/archive/master.zip -O urbit--archaeology.zip
https://github.com/cc65/cc65/archive/master.zip -O cc65--cc65.zip
https://github.com/jyr/MNPP/archive/master.zip -O jyr--MNPP.zip
