https://github.com/firehol/netdata/archive/master.zip -O firehol--netdata.zip
https://github.com/SamyPesse/How-to-Make-a-Computer-Operating-System/archive/master.zip -O SamyPesse--How-to-Make-a-Computer-Operating-System.zip
https://github.com/ggreer/the_silver_searcher/archive/master.zip -O ggreer--the_silver_searcher.zip
https://github.com/wg/wrk/archive/master.zip -O wg--wrk.zip
https://github.com/twitter/twemproxy/archive/master.zip -O twitter--twemproxy.zip
https://github.com/torch/torch7/archive/master.zip -O torch--torch7.zip
https://github.com/antirez/disque/archive/master.zip -O antirez--disque.zip
https://github.com/robertdavidgraham/masscan/archive/master.zip -O robertdavidgraham--masscan.zip
https://github.com/memcached/memcached/archive/master.zip -O memcached--memcached.zip
https://github.com/octalmage/robotjs/archive/master.zip -O octalmage--robotjs.zip
https://github.com/vurtun/nuklear/archive/master.zip -O vurtun--nuklear.zip
https://github.com/cloudwu/skynet/archive/master.zip -O cloudwu--skynet.zip
https://github.com/phpredis/phpredis/archive/master.zip -O phpredis--phpredis.zip
https://github.com/facebook/zstd/archive/master.zip -O facebook--zstd.zip
https://github.com/nothings/stb/archive/master.zip -O nothings--stb.zip
https://github.com/arut/nginx-rtmp-module/archive/master.zip -O arut--nginx-rtmp-module.zip
https://github.com/matz/streem/archive/master.zip -O matz--streem.zip
https://github.com/andlabs/libui/archive/master.zip -O andlabs--libui.zip
https://github.com/lpereira/lwan/archive/master.zip -O lpereira--lwan.zip
https://github.com/vmg/redcarpet/archive/master.zip -O vmg--redcarpet.zip
https://github.com/jonas/tig/archive/master.zip -O jonas--tig.zip
https://github.com/kr/beanstalkd/archive/master.zip -O kr--beanstalkd.zip
https://github.com/wishstudio/flinux/archive/master.zip -O wishstudio--flinux.zip
https://github.com/rswier/c4/archive/master.zip -O rswier--c4.zip
https://github.com/jedisct1/libsodium/archive/master.zip -O jedisct1--libsodium.zip
https://github.com/allinurl/goaccess/archive/master.zip -O allinurl--goaccess.zip
https://github.com/nanomsg/nanomsg/archive/master.zip -O nanomsg--nanomsg.zip
https://github.com/Xfennec/progress/archive/master.zip -O Xfennec--progress.zip
https://github.com/orangeduck/Cello/archive/master.zip -O orangeduck--Cello.zip
https://github.com/nodejs/http-parser/archive/master.zip -O nodejs--http-parser.zip
https://github.com/antirez/kilo/archive/master.zip -O antirez--kilo.zip
https://github.com/fulldecent/system-bus-radio/archive/master.zip -O fulldecent--system-bus-radio.zip
https://github.com/philipl/pifs/archive/master.zip -O philipl--pifs.zip
https://github.com/bartobri/no-more-secrets/archive/master.zip -O bartobri--no-more-secrets.zip
https://github.com/laruence/yaf/archive/master.zip -O laruence--yaf.zip
https://github.com/vysheng/tg/archive/master.zip -O vysheng--tg.zip
https://github.com/gentilkiwi/mimikatz/archive/master.zip -O gentilkiwi--mimikatz.zip
https://github.com/openresty/openresty/archive/master.zip -O openresty--openresty.zip
https://github.com/visit1985/mdp/archive/master.zip -O visit1985--mdp.zip
https://github.com/laverdet/node-fibers/archive/master.zip -O laverdet--node-fibers.zip
https://github.com/rui314/8cc/archive/master.zip -O rui314--8cc.zip
https://github.com/OpenKinect/libfreenect/archive/master.zip -O OpenKinect--libfreenect.zip
https://github.com/awslabs/s2n/archive/master.zip -O awslabs--s2n.zip
https://github.com/google/ios-webkit-debug-proxy/archive/master.zip -O google--ios-webkit-debug-proxy.zip
https://github.com/ZipArchive/ZipArchive/archive/master.zip -O ZipArchive--ZipArchive.zip
https://github.com/martanne/vis/archive/master.zip -O martanne--vis.zip
https://github.com/clibs/clib/archive/master.zip -O clibs--clib.zip
https://github.com/Qihoo360/Atlas/archive/master.zip -O Qihoo360--Atlas.zip
https://github.com/redis/hiredis/archive/master.zip -O redis--hiredis.zip
https://github.com/krakjoe/pthreads/archive/master.zip -O krakjoe--pthreads.zip
https://github.com/google/eddystone/archive/master.zip -O google--eddystone.zip
https://github.com/nelhage/reptyr/archive/master.zip -O nelhage--reptyr.zip
https://github.com/abrasive/shairport/archive/master.zip -O abrasive--shairport.zip
https://github.com/jonls/redshift/archive/master.zip -O jonls--redshift.zip
https://github.com/jorisvink/kore/archive/master.zip -O jorisvink--kore.zip
https://github.com/cuber/ngx_http_google_filter_module/archive/master.zip -O cuber--ngx_http_google_filter_module.zip
https://github.com/hashcat/hashcat-legacy/archive/master.zip -O hashcat--hashcat-legacy.zip
https://github.com/huangz1990/redis-3.0-annotated/archive/master.zip -O huangz1990--redis-3.0-annotated.zip
https://github.com/toland/qlmarkdown/archive/master.zip -O toland--qlmarkdown.zip
https://github.com/probablycorey/wax/archive/master.zip -O probablycorey--wax.zip
https://github.com/tj/luna/archive/master.zip -O tj--luna.zip
https://github.com/id-Software/DOOM/archive/master.zip -O id-Software--DOOM.zip
https://github.com/jpmens/jo/archive/master.zip -O jpmens--jo.zip
https://github.com/id-Software/Quake-III-Arena/archive/master.zip -O id-Software--Quake-III-Arena.zip
https://github.com/grbl/grbl/archive/master.zip -O grbl--grbl.zip
https://github.com/DhavalKapil/icmptunnel/archive/master.zip -O DhavalKapil--icmptunnel.zip
https://github.com/hishamhm/htop/archive/master.zip -O hishamhm--htop.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/react-native-code-push/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--react-native-code-push.zip
https://github.com/facebookresearch/darkforestGo/archive/master.zip -O facebookresearch--darkforestGo.zip
https://github.com/rofl0r/proxychains-ng/archive/master.zip -O rofl0r--proxychains-ng.zip
https://github.com/nicolasff/webdis/archive/master.zip -O nicolasff--webdis.zip
https://github.com/antirez/sds/archive/master.zip -O antirez--sds.zip
https://github.com/shadowsocks/ChinaDNS/archive/master.zip -O shadowsocks--ChinaDNS.zip
https://github.com/session-replay-tools/tcpcopy/archive/master.zip -O session-replay-tools--tcpcopy.zip
https://github.com/cmus/cmus/archive/master.zip -O cmus--cmus.zip
https://github.com/citusdata/citus/archive/master.zip -O citusdata--citus.zip
https://github.com/zmap/zmap/archive/master.zip -O zmap--zmap.zip
https://github.com/nbs-system/naxsi/archive/master.zip -O nbs-system--naxsi.zip
https://github.com/huangz1990/annotated_redis_source/archive/master.zip -O huangz1990--annotated_redis_source.zip
https://github.com/esnme/ultrajson/archive/master.zip -O esnme--ultrajson.zip
https://github.com/jemalloc/jemalloc/archive/master.zip -O jemalloc--jemalloc.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/dynomite/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--dynomite.zip
https://github.com/skywind3000/kcp/archive/master.zip -O skywind3000--kcp.zip
https://github.com/keendreams/keen/archive/master.zip -O keendreams--keen.zip
https://github.com/memononen/nanovg/archive/master.zip -O memononen--nanovg.zip
https://github.com/maciejczyzewski/retter/archive/master.zip -O maciejczyzewski--retter.zip
https://github.com/mortdeus/legacy-cc/archive/master.zip -O mortdeus--legacy-cc.zip
https://github.com/yarrick/iodine/archive/master.zip -O yarrick--iodine.zip
https://github.com/slact/nchan/archive/master.zip -O slact--nchan.zip
https://github.com/wandenberg/nginx-push-stream-module/archive/master.zip -O wandenberg--nginx-push-stream-module.zip
https://github.com/munificent/wren/archive/master.zip -O munificent--wren.zip
https://github.com/lloyd/yajl/archive/master.zip -O lloyd--yajl.zip
https://github.com/pornel/pngquant/archive/master.zip -O pornel--pngquant.zip
https://github.com/lz4/lz4/archive/master.zip -O lz4--lz4.zip
https://github.com/attractivechaos/klib/archive/master.zip -O attractivechaos--klib.zip
https://github.com/seL4/seL4/archive/master.zip -O seL4--seL4.zip
https://github.com/antirez/linenoise/archive/master.zip -O antirez--linenoise.zip
https://github.com/ejoy/ejoy2d/archive/master.zip -O ejoy--ejoy2d.zip
https://github.com/RPISEC/MBE/archive/master.zip -O RPISEC--MBE.zip
https://github.com/baskerville/bspwm/archive/master.zip -O baskerville--bspwm.zip
https://github.com/ohler55/oj/archive/master.zip -O ohler55--oj.zip
https://github.com/statsite/statsite/archive/master.zip -O statsite--statsite.zip
https://github.com/lastpass/lastpass-cli/archive/master.zip -O lastpass--lastpass-cli.zip
https://github.com/machinezone/tcpkali/archive/master.zip -O machinezone--tcpkali.zip
https://github.com/facebook/libphenom/archive/master.zip -O facebook--libphenom.zip
https://github.com/facebook/fishhook/archive/master.zip -O facebook--fishhook.zip
https://github.com/pmwkaa/sophia/archive/master.zip -O pmwkaa--sophia.zip
https://github.com/vmg/sundown/archive/master.zip -O vmg--sundown.zip
https://github.com/jedisct1/dnscrypt-proxy/archive/master.zip -O jedisct1--dnscrypt-proxy.zip
https://github.com/facebookarchive/flashcache/archive/master.zip -O facebookarchive--flashcache.zip
https://github.com/htacg/tidy-html5/archive/master.zip -O htacg--tidy-html5.zip
https://github.com/bumptech/stud/archive/master.zip -O bumptech--stud.zip
https://github.com/mridgers/clink/archive/master.zip -O mridgers--clink.zip
https://github.com/begeekmyfriend/yasea/archive/master.zip -O begeekmyfriend--yasea.zip
https://github.com/ChrisJohnsen/tmux-MacOSX-pasteboard/archive/master.zip -O ChrisJohnsen--tmux-MacOSX-pasteboard.zip
https://github.com/id-Software/Quake/archive/master.zip -O id-Software--Quake.zip
https://github.com/snooda/net-speeder/archive/master.zip -O snooda--net-speeder.zip
https://github.com/lzfse/lzfse/archive/master.zip -O lzfse--lzfse.zip
https://github.com/PromyLOPh/pianobar/archive/master.zip -O PromyLOPh--pianobar.zip
https://github.com/glock45/iOS-Hierarchy-Viewer/archive/master.zip -O glock45--iOS-Hierarchy-Viewer.zip
https://github.com/JoeDog/siege/archive/master.zip -O JoeDog--siege.zip
https://github.com/ffi/ffi/archive/master.zip -O ffi--ffi.zip
https://github.com/phoboslab/jsmpeg-vnc/archive/master.zip -O phoboslab--jsmpeg-vnc.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/tsar/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--tsar.zip
https://github.com/P-H-C/phc-winner-argon2/archive/master.zip -O P-H-C--phc-winner-argon2.zip
https://github.com/danielwaterworth/Raphters/archive/master.zip -O danielwaterworth--Raphters.zip
https://github.com/srdja/Collections-C/archive/master.zip -O srdja--Collections-C.zip
https://github.com/akheron/jansson/archive/master.zip -O akheron--jansson.zip
https://github.com/clowwindy/ShadowVPN/archive/master.zip -O clowwindy--ShadowVPN.zip
https://github.com/brianmario/yajl-ruby/archive/master.zip -O brianmario--yajl-ruby.zip
https://github.com/c9s/Pux/archive/master.zip -O c9s--Pux.zip
https://github.com/kennytm/iphone-private-frameworks/archive/master.zip -O kennytm--iphone-private-frameworks.zip
https://github.com/stefanesser/dumpdecrypted/archive/master.zip -O stefanesser--dumpdecrypted.zip
https://github.com/conorpp/u2f-zero/archive/master.zip -O conorpp--u2f-zero.zip
https://github.com/pjreddie/darknet/archive/master.zip -O pjreddie--darknet.zip
https://github.com/zsaleeba/picoc/archive/master.zip -O zsaleeba--picoc.zip
https://github.com/twitter/fatcache/archive/master.zip -O twitter--fatcache.zip
https://github.com/Uncodin/bypass/archive/master.zip -O Uncodin--bypass.zip
https://github.com/EricssonResearch/openwebrtc/archive/master.zip -O EricssonResearch--openwebrtc.zip
https://github.com/laruence/php7-internal/archive/master.zip -O laruence--php7-internal.zip
https://github.com/libimobiledevice/libimobiledevice/archive/master.zip -O libimobiledevice--libimobiledevice.zip
https://github.com/davidmoreno/onion/archive/master.zip -O davidmoreno--onion.zip
https://github.com/citusdata/pg_shard/archive/master.zip -O citusdata--pg_shard.zip
https://github.com/ideawu/icomet/archive/master.zip -O ideawu--icomet.zip
https://github.com/jakogut/tinyvm/archive/master.zip -O jakogut--tinyvm.zip
https://github.com/happyfish100/fastdfs/archive/master.zip -O happyfish100--fastdfs.zip
https://github.com/yrutschle/sslh/archive/master.zip -O yrutschle--sslh.zip
https://github.com/codahale/bcrypt-ruby/archive/master.zip -O codahale--bcrypt-ruby.zip
https://github.com/Cyan4973/xxHash/archive/master.zip -O Cyan4973--xxHash.zip
https://github.com/yaoweibin/nginx_tcp_proxy_module/archive/master.zip -O yaoweibin--nginx_tcp_proxy_module.zip
https://github.com/ashima/webgl-noise/archive/master.zip -O ashima--webgl-noise.zip
https://github.com/taf2/curb/archive/master.zip -O taf2--curb.zip
https://github.com/orangeduck/mpc/archive/master.zip -O orangeduck--mpc.zip
https://github.com/vanhauser-thc/thc-hydra/archive/master.zip -O vanhauser-thc--thc-hydra.zip
https://github.com/github/brubeck/archive/master.zip -O github--brubeck.zip
https://github.com/tmm1/perftools.rb/archive/master.zip -O tmm1--perftools.rb.zip
https://github.com/concurrencykit/ck/archive/master.zip -O concurrencykit--ck.zip
https://github.com/justinfrankel/licecap/archive/master.zip -O justinfrankel--licecap.zip
https://github.com/xk/node-threads-a-gogo/archive/master.zip -O xk--node-threads-a-gogo.zip
https://github.com/DNSPod/dnspod-sr/archive/master.zip -O DNSPod--dnspod-sr.zip
https://github.com/tcurdt/iProxy/archive/master.zip -O tcurdt--iProxy.zip
https://github.com/varnish/hitch/archive/master.zip -O varnish--hitch.zip
https://github.com/shellphish/how2heap/archive/master.zip -O shellphish--how2heap.zip
https://github.com/cloudwu/mptun/archive/master.zip -O cloudwu--mptun.zip
https://github.com/chjj/compton/archive/master.zip -O chjj--compton.zip
https://github.com/Qihoo360/phptrace/archive/master.zip -O Qihoo360--phptrace.zip
https://github.com/rvoicilas/inotify-tools/archive/master.zip -O rvoicilas--inotify-tools.zip
https://github.com/php-ds/extension/archive/master.zip -O php-ds--extension.zip
https://github.com/koush/Superuser/archive/master.zip -O koush--Superuser.zip
https://github.com/madler/pigz/archive/master.zip -O madler--pigz.zip
https://github.com/taviso/ctypes.sh/archive/master.zip -O taviso--ctypes.sh.zip
https://github.com/nsf/termbox/archive/master.zip -O nsf--termbox.zip
https://github.com/tid-kijyun/Kanna/archive/master.zip -O tid-kijyun--Kanna.zip
https://github.com/alols/xcape/archive/master.zip -O alols--xcape.zip
https://github.com/chentao0707/QrCodeScan/archive/master.zip -O chentao0707--QrCodeScan.zip
https://github.com/slembcke/Chipmunk2D/archive/master.zip -O slembcke--Chipmunk2D.zip
https://github.com/json-c/json-c/archive/master.zip -O json-c--json-c.zip
https://github.com/glyptodon/guacamole-server/archive/master.zip -O glyptodon--guacamole-server.zip
https://github.com/carp-lang/Carp/archive/master.zip -O carp-lang--Carp.zip
https://github.com/jech/polipo/archive/master.zip -O jech--polipo.zip
https://github.com/ardagnir/athame/archive/master.zip -O ardagnir--athame.zip
https://github.com/tekknolagi/carp/archive/master.zip -O tekknolagi--carp.zip
https://github.com/zendtech/ZendOptimizerPlus/archive/master.zip -O zendtech--ZendOptimizerPlus.zip
https://github.com/libgit2/pygit2/archive/master.zip -O libgit2--pygit2.zip
https://github.com/tj/mon/archive/master.zip -O tj--mon.zip
https://github.com/confluentinc/bottledwater-pg/archive/master.zip -O confluentinc--bottledwater-pg.zip
https://github.com/seppo0010/rlite/archive/master.zip -O seppo0010--rlite.zip
https://github.com/LuaDist/lua/archive/master.zip -O LuaDist--lua.zip
https://github.com/facebook/fb-adb/archive/master.zip -O facebook--fb-adb.zip
https://github.com/armon/bloomd/archive/master.zip -O armon--bloomd.zip
https://github.com/troydhanson/uthash/archive/master.zip -O troydhanson--uthash.zip
https://github.com/kohler/gifsicle/archive/master.zip -O kohler--gifsicle.zip
https://github.com/charliesome/jsos/archive/master.zip -O charliesome--jsos.zip
https://github.com/mattrajca/sudo-touchid/archive/master.zip -O mattrajca--sudo-touchid.zip
https://github.com/acassen/keepalived/archive/master.zip -O acassen--keepalived.zip
https://github.com/unicorn-engine/unicorn/archive/master.zip -O unicorn-engine--unicorn.zip
https://github.com/silentbicycle/greatest/archive/master.zip -O silentbicycle--greatest.zip
https://github.com/EtchedPixels/FUZIX/archive/master.zip -O EtchedPixels--FUZIX.zip
https://github.com/notro/fbtft/archive/master.zip -O notro--fbtft.zip
https://github.com/jonashaag/bjoern/archive/master.zip -O jonashaag--bjoern.zip
https://github.com/ZBar/ZBar/archive/master.zip -O ZBar--ZBar.zip
https://github.com/apple/swift-corelibs-libdispatch/archive/master.zip -O apple--swift-corelibs-libdispatch.zip
https://github.com/appunite/AndroidFFmpeg/archive/master.zip -O appunite--AndroidFFmpeg.zip
https://github.com/EZLippi/Tinyhttpd/archive/master.zip -O EZLippi--Tinyhttpd.zip
https://github.com/defuse/swatd/archive/master.zip -O defuse--swatd.zip
https://github.com/haywire/haywire/archive/master.zip -O haywire--haywire.zip
https://github.com/chneukirchen/nq/archive/master.zip -O chneukirchen--nq.zip
https://github.com/darkk/redsocks/archive/master.zip -O darkk--redsocks.zip
https://github.com/rxi/dyad/archive/master.zip -O rxi--dyad.zip
https://github.com/giltene/wrk2/archive/master.zip -O giltene--wrk2.zip
https://github.com/bitly/dablooms/archive/master.zip -O bitly--dablooms.zip
https://github.com/thomasfinch/GammaThingy/archive/master.zip -O thomasfinch--GammaThingy.zip
https://github.com/nonstriater/Learn-Algorithms/archive/master.zip -O nonstriater--Learn-Algorithms.zip
https://github.com/haad/proxychains/archive/master.zip -O haad--proxychains.zip
https://github.com/erikfrey/bashreduce/archive/master.zip -O erikfrey--bashreduce.zip
https://github.com/gamelinux/passivedns/archive/master.zip -O gamelinux--passivedns.zip
https://github.com/danielfrg/word2vec/archive/master.zip -O danielfrg--word2vec.zip
https://github.com/dlundquist/sniproxy/archive/master.zip -O dlundquist--sniproxy.zip
https://github.com/Teaonly/android-eye/archive/master.zip -O Teaonly--android-eye.zip
https://github.com/Bumblebee-Project/Bumblebee/archive/master.zip -O Bumblebee-Project--Bumblebee.zip
https://github.com/cloudwu/pbc/archive/master.zip -O cloudwu--pbc.zip
https://github.com/laruence/yar/archive/master.zip -O laruence--yar.zip
https://github.com/davidfstr/rdiscount/archive/master.zip -O davidfstr--rdiscount.zip
https://github.com/edenhill/librdkafka/archive/master.zip -O edenhill--librdkafka.zip
https://github.com/havlenapetr/FFMpeg/archive/master.zip -O havlenapetr--FFMpeg.zip
https://github.com/stefanhafeneger/PushMeBaby/archive/master.zip -O stefanhafeneger--PushMeBaby.zip
https://github.com/antirez/dump1090/archive/master.zip -O antirez--dump1090.zip
https://github.com/twitter/twemcache/archive/master.zip -O twitter--twemcache.zip
https://github.com/centaurean/density/archive/master.zip -O centaurean--density.zip
https://github.com/patjak/bcwc_pcie/archive/master.zip -O patjak--bcwc_pcie.zip
https://github.com/jwiegley/git-scripts/archive/master.zip -O jwiegley--git-scripts.zip
https://github.com/CTurt/PS4-SDK/archive/master.zip -O CTurt--PS4-SDK.zip
https://github.com/coturn/coturn/archive/master.zip -O coturn--coturn.zip
https://github.com/mmin18/WaxPatch/archive/master.zip -O mmin18--WaxPatch.zip
https://github.com/dtrace4linux/linux/archive/master.zip -O dtrace4linux--linux.zip
https://github.com/guillaumechereau/goxel/archive/master.zip -O guillaumechereau--goxel.zip
https://github.com/jimon/osx_app_in_plain_c/archive/master.zip -O jimon--osx_app_in_plain_c.zip
https://github.com/mdirolf/nginx-gridfs/archive/master.zip -O mdirolf--nginx-gridfs.zip
https://github.com/i-rinat/freshplayerplugin/archive/master.zip -O i-rinat--freshplayerplugin.zip
https://github.com/riolet/rix/archive/master.zip -O riolet--rix.zip
https://github.com/miloyip/json-tutorial/archive/master.zip -O miloyip--json-tutorial.zip
https://github.com/xiehuc/pidgin-lwqq/archive/master.zip -O xiehuc--pidgin-lwqq.zip
https://github.com/tmm1/rblineprof/archive/master.zip -O tmm1--rblineprof.zip
https://github.com/naelstrof/maim/archive/master.zip -O naelstrof--maim.zip
https://github.com/vk-com/kphp-kdb/archive/master.zip -O vk-com--kphp-kdb.zip
https://github.com/vstakhov/libucl/archive/master.zip -O vstakhov--libucl.zip
https://github.com/citusdata/cstore_fdw/archive/master.zip -O citusdata--cstore_fdw.zip
https://github.com/LemonBoy/bar/archive/master.zip -O LemonBoy--bar.zip
https://github.com/msanders/autopy/archive/master.zip -O msanders--autopy.zip
https://github.com/madler/zlib/archive/master.zip -O madler--zlib.zip
https://github.com/google/upb/archive/master.zip -O google--upb.zip
https://github.com/mattconnolly/ZipArchive/archive/master.zip -O mattconnolly--ZipArchive.zip
https://github.com/coolstar/RecordMyScreen/archive/master.zip -O coolstar--RecordMyScreen.zip
https://github.com/endrazine/wcc/archive/master.zip -O endrazine--wcc.zip
https://github.com/spotify/sparkey/archive/master.zip -O spotify--sparkey.zip
https://github.com/python-greenlet/greenlet/archive/master.zip -O python-greenlet--greenlet.zip
https://github.com/id-Software/Quake-2/archive/master.zip -O id-Software--Quake-2.zip
https://github.com/adoxa/ansicon/archive/master.zip -O adoxa--ansicon.zip
https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/mraa/archive/master.zip -O intel-iot-devkit--mraa.zip
https://github.com/krallin/tini/archive/master.zip -O krallin--tini.zip
https://github.com/nikhilm/uvbook/archive/master.zip -O nikhilm--uvbook.zip
https://github.com/mtoyoda/sl/archive/master.zip -O mtoyoda--sl.zip
https://github.com/lsalzman/enet/archive/master.zip -O lsalzman--enet.zip
https://github.com/kevinlawler/kona/archive/master.zip -O kevinlawler--kona.zip
https://github.com/tarcieri/cool.io/archive/master.zip -O tarcieri--cool.io.zip
https://github.com/droe/sslsplit/archive/master.zip -O droe--sslsplit.zip
https://github.com/nigels-com/glew/archive/master.zip -O nigels-com--glew.zip
https://github.com/halayli/lthread/archive/master.zip -O halayli--lthread.zip
https://github.com/LuaJIT/LuaJIT/archive/master.zip -O LuaJIT--LuaJIT.zip
https://github.com/gabriel/yajl-objc/archive/master.zip -O gabriel--yajl-objc.zip
https://github.com/udp/json-parser/archive/master.zip -O udp--json-parser.zip
https://github.com/saghul/pyuv/archive/master.zip -O saghul--pyuv.zip
https://github.com/tj/histo/archive/master.zip -O tj--histo.zip
https://github.com/knopwob/dunst/archive/master.zip -O knopwob--dunst.zip
https://github.com/megous/megatools/archive/master.zip -O megous--megatools.zip
https://github.com/2ndQuadrant/repmgr/archive/master.zip -O 2ndQuadrant--repmgr.zip
https://github.com/balde/balde/archive/master.zip -O balde--balde.zip
https://github.com/traildb/traildb/archive/master.zip -O traildb--traildb.zip
https://github.com/rebol/rebol/archive/master.zip -O rebol--rebol.zip
https://github.com/fragglet/c-algorithms/archive/master.zip -O fragglet--c-algorithms.zip
https://github.com/yourtion/30dayMakeOS/archive/master.zip -O yourtion--30dayMakeOS.zip
https://github.com/fukuchi/libqrencode/archive/master.zip -O fukuchi--libqrencode.zip
https://github.com/douban/beansdb/archive/master.zip -O douban--beansdb.zip
https://github.com/jeelabs/esp-link/archive/master.zip -O jeelabs--esp-link.zip
https://github.com/crmulliner/adbi/archive/master.zip -O crmulliner--adbi.zip
https://github.com/matsumoto-r/ngx_mruby/archive/master.zip -O matsumoto-r--ngx_mruby.zip
https://github.com/Librevault/librevault/archive/master.zip -O Librevault--librevault.zip
https://github.com/libusb/libusb/archive/master.zip -O libusb--libusb.zip
https://github.com/graphitemaster/moreram/archive/master.zip -O graphitemaster--moreram.zip
https://github.com/dequis/purple-facebook/archive/master.zip -O dequis--purple-facebook.zip
https://github.com/stanfordnlp/GloVe/archive/master.zip -O stanfordnlp--GloVe.zip
https://github.com/siemens/jailhouse/archive/master.zip -O siemens--jailhouse.zip
https://github.com/vivien/i3blocks/archive/master.zip -O vivien--i3blocks.zip
https://github.com/libffi/libffi/archive/master.zip -O libffi--libffi.zip
https://github.com/cisco/thor/archive/master.zip -O cisco--thor.zip
https://github.com/riolet/WAFer/archive/master.zip -O riolet--WAFer.zip
https://github.com/robertdavidgraham/heartleech/archive/master.zip -O robertdavidgraham--heartleech.zip
https://github.com/BohuTANG/nessDB/archive/master.zip -O BohuTANG--nessDB.zip
https://github.com/rumpkernel/rumprun/archive/master.zip -O rumpkernel--rumprun.zip
https://github.com/solusipse/ureq/archive/master.zip -O solusipse--ureq.zip
https://github.com/Chlumsky/msdfgen/archive/master.zip -O Chlumsky--msdfgen.zip
https://github.com/klange/nyancat/archive/master.zip -O klange--nyancat.zip
https://github.com/bither/bither-android-lib/archive/master.zip -O bither--bither-android-lib.zip
https://github.com/cloudwu/coroutine/archive/master.zip -O cloudwu--coroutine.zip
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-GFX-Library/archive/master.zip -O adafruit--Adafruit-GFX-Library.zip
https://github.com/DynamoRIO/drmemory/archive/master.zip -O DynamoRIO--drmemory.zip
https://github.com/c9s/r3/archive/master.zip -O c9s--r3.zip
https://github.com/ice799/memprof/archive/master.zip -O ice799--memprof.zip
https://github.com/cloudozer/ling/archive/master.zip -O cloudozer--ling.zip
https://github.com/wiire/pixiewps/archive/master.zip -O wiire--pixiewps.zip
https://github.com/daurnimator/lua.vm.js/archive/master.zip -O daurnimator--lua.vm.js.zip
https://github.com/simpl/ngx_devel_kit/archive/master.zip -O simpl--ngx_devel_kit.zip
https://github.com/graemedouglas/LittleD/archive/master.zip -O graemedouglas--LittleD.zip
https://github.com/quiet/org.quietmodem.Quiet/archive/master.zip -O quiet--org.quietmodem.Quiet.zip
https://github.com/evanw/thinscript/archive/master.zip -O evanw--thinscript.zip
https://github.com/mpenkov/ffmpeg-tutorial/archive/master.zip -O mpenkov--ffmpeg-tutorial.zip
https://github.com/samyk/pwnat/archive/master.zip -O samyk--pwnat.zip
https://github.com/sass/sassc/archive/master.zip -O sass--sassc.zip
https://github.com/tuanpmt/esp_mqtt/archive/master.zip -O tuanpmt--esp_mqtt.zip
https://github.com/lwfinger/rtlwifi_new/archive/master.zip -O lwfinger--rtlwifi_new.zip
https://github.com/php-memcached-dev/php-memcached/archive/master.zip -O php-memcached-dev--php-memcached.zip
https://github.com/drh/lcc/archive/master.zip -O drh--lcc.zip
https://github.com/netblue30/firejail/archive/master.zip -O netblue30--firejail.zip
https://github.com/WiringPi/WiringPi/archive/master.zip -O WiringPi--WiringPi.zip
https://github.com/yarrick/pingfs/archive/master.zip -O yarrick--pingfs.zip
https://github.com/Maratyszcza/NNPACK/archive/master.zip -O Maratyszcza--NNPACK.zip
https://github.com/yrp604/rappel/archive/master.zip -O yrp604--rappel.zip
https://github.com/snavely/bundler_sfm/archive/master.zip -O snavely--bundler_sfm.zip
https://github.com/FRiCKLE/ngx_cache_purge/archive/master.zip -O FRiCKLE--ngx_cache_purge.zip
https://github.com/trailofbits/ctf/archive/master.zip -O trailofbits--ctf.zip
https://github.com/ionescu007/SimpleVisor/archive/master.zip -O ionescu007--SimpleVisor.zip
https://github.com/HunterHillegas/iOS-BetaBuilder/archive/master.zip -O HunterHillegas--iOS-BetaBuilder.zip
https://github.com/x0r1/jellyfish/archive/master.zip -O x0r1--jellyfish.zip
https://github.com/jklmnn/imagejs/archive/master.zip -O jklmnn--imagejs.zip
https://github.com/psycopg/psycopg2/archive/master.zip -O psycopg--psycopg2.zip
https://github.com/mopemope/meinheld/archive/master.zip -O mopemope--meinheld.zip
https://github.com/examplecode/mproxy/archive/master.zip -O examplecode--mproxy.zip
https://github.com/a0rtega/pafish/archive/master.zip -O a0rtega--pafish.zip
https://github.com/nanorc/nanorc/archive/master.zip -O nanorc--nanorc.zip
https://github.com/axiak/pybloomfiltermmap/archive/master.zip -O axiak--pybloomfiltermmap.zip
https://github.com/openresty/redis2-nginx-module/archive/master.zip -O openresty--redis2-nginx-module.zip
https://github.com/douglascrockford/JSMin/archive/master.zip -O douglascrockford--JSMin.zip
https://github.com/tatsuhiro-t/spdylay/archive/master.zip -O tatsuhiro-t--spdylay.zip
https://github.com/psankar/simplefs/archive/master.zip -O psankar--simplefs.zip
https://github.com/h2o/picohttpparser/archive/master.zip -O h2o--picohttpparser.zip
https://github.com/libopencm3/libopencm3/archive/master.zip -O libopencm3--libopencm3.zip
https://github.com/traviscross/mtr/archive/master.zip -O traviscross--mtr.zip
https://github.com/Celtoys/Remotery/archive/master.zip -O Celtoys--Remotery.zip
https://github.com/ktap/ktap/archive/master.zip -O ktap--ktap.zip
https://github.com/robertdavidgraham/robdns/archive/master.zip -O robertdavidgraham--robdns.zip
https://github.com/vmg/houdini/archive/master.zip -O vmg--houdini.zip
https://github.com/quiet/quiet-lwip/archive/master.zip -O quiet--quiet-lwip.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/nginx-http-concat/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--nginx-http-concat.zip
https://github.com/sickill/stderred/archive/master.zip -O sickill--stderred.zip
https://github.com/mptre/yank/archive/master.zip -O mptre--yank.zip
https://github.com/leurfete/simple-rootkit/archive/master.zip -O leurfete--simple-rootkit.zip
https://github.com/ofTheo/ofxKinect/archive/master.zip -O ofTheo--ofxKinect.zip
https://github.com/jgm/peg-markdown/archive/master.zip -O jgm--peg-markdown.zip
https://github.com/karthick18/inception/archive/master.zip -O karthick18--inception.zip
https://github.com/akopytov/sysbench/archive/master.zip -O akopytov--sysbench.zip
https://github.com/libgit2/php-git/archive/master.zip -O libgit2--php-git.zip
https://github.com/HardySimpson/zlog/archive/master.zip -O HardySimpson--zlog.zip
https://github.com/shellinabox/shellinabox/archive/master.zip -O shellinabox--shellinabox.zip
https://github.com/tmm1/pygments.rb/archive/master.zip -O tmm1--pygments.rb.zip
https://github.com/micronucleus/micronucleus/archive/master.zip -O micronucleus--micronucleus.zip
https://github.com/bonzini/qboot/archive/master.zip -O bonzini--qboot.zip
https://github.com/openresty/headers-more-nginx-module/archive/master.zip -O openresty--headers-more-nginx-module.zip
https://github.com/ohler55/ox/archive/master.zip -O ohler55--ox.zip
https://github.com/AuroraWright/Luma3DS/archive/master.zip -O AuroraWright--Luma3DS.zip
https://github.com/emgram769/lighthouse/archive/master.zip -O emgram769--lighthouse.zip
https://github.com/tsgates/mbox/archive/master.zip -O tsgates--mbox.zip
https://github.com/brianmario/escape_utils/archive/master.zip -O brianmario--escape_utils.zip
https://github.com/esnme/ultramysql/archive/master.zip -O esnme--ultramysql.zip
https://github.com/opsengine/cpulimit/archive/master.zip -O opsengine--cpulimit.zip
https://github.com/celluloid/nio4r/archive/master.zip -O celluloid--nio4r.zip
https://github.com/antirez/smaz/archive/master.zip -O antirez--smaz.zip
https://github.com/vkholodkov/nginx-upload-module/archive/master.zip -O vkholodkov--nginx-upload-module.zip
https://github.com/hpricot/hpricot/archive/master.zip -O hpricot--hpricot.zip
https://github.com/samr7/vanitygen/archive/master.zip -O samr7--vanitygen.zip
https://github.com/laruence/yac/archive/master.zip -O laruence--yac.zip
https://github.com/ilyash/ngs/archive/master.zip -O ilyash--ngs.zip
https://github.com/dvorka/hstr/archive/master.zip -O dvorka--hstr.zip
https://github.com/toland/patron/archive/master.zip -O toland--patron.zip
https://github.com/luigirizzo/netmap/archive/master.zip -O luigirizzo--netmap.zip
https://github.com/hfiref0x/UACME/archive/master.zip -O hfiref0x--UACME.zip
https://github.com/benblazak/ergodox-firmware/archive/master.zip -O benblazak--ergodox-firmware.zip
https://github.com/rflynn/imgmin/archive/master.zip -O rflynn--imgmin.zip
https://github.com/laruence/yaconf/archive/master.zip -O laruence--yaconf.zip
https://github.com/imazen/imageflow/archive/master.zip -O imazen--imageflow.zip
https://github.com/t6x/reaver-wps-fork-t6x/archive/master.zip -O t6x--reaver-wps-fork-t6x.zip
https://github.com/banister/binding_of_caller/archive/master.zip -O banister--binding_of_caller.zip
https://github.com/lpsantil/rt0/archive/master.zip -O lpsantil--rt0.zip
https://github.com/muennich/sxiv/archive/master.zip -O muennich--sxiv.zip
https://github.com/rentzsch/markdownlive/archive/master.zip -O rentzsch--markdownlive.zip
https://github.com/timwr/CVE-2016-5195/archive/master.zip -O timwr--CVE-2016-5195.zip
https://github.com/lua/lua/archive/master.zip -O lua--lua.zip
https://github.com/mkottman/AndroLua/archive/master.zip -O mkottman--AndroLua.zip
https://github.com/oneoo/alilua/archive/master.zip -O oneoo--alilua.zip
https://github.com/douglascrockford/DEC64/archive/master.zip -O douglascrockford--DEC64.zip
https://github.com/perl11/potion/archive/master.zip -O perl11--potion.zip
https://github.com/GrahamDumpleton/mod_wsgi/archive/master.zip -O GrahamDumpleton--mod_wsgi.zip
https://github.com/ConradIrwin/showterm/archive/master.zip -O ConradIrwin--showterm.zip
https://github.com/libressl-portable/portable/archive/master.zip -O libressl-portable--portable.zip
https://github.com/pvaret/rtl8192cu-fixes/archive/master.zip -O pvaret--rtl8192cu-fixes.zip
https://github.com/edenhill/kafkacat/archive/master.zip -O edenhill--kafkacat.zip
https://github.com/hoytech/vmtouch/archive/master.zip -O hoytech--vmtouch.zip
https://github.com/clMathLibraries/clBLAS/archive/master.zip -O clMathLibraries--clBLAS.zip
https://github.com/andrewrk/libsoundio/archive/master.zip -O andrewrk--libsoundio.zip
https://github.com/Coolerfall/Android-AppDaemon/archive/master.zip -O Coolerfall--Android-AppDaemon.zip
https://github.com/TouchCode/TouchXML/archive/master.zip -O TouchCode--TouchXML.zip
https://github.com/calleerlandsson/pick/archive/master.zip -O calleerlandsson--pick.zip
https://github.com/HarveyHunt/howm/archive/master.zip -O HarveyHunt--howm.zip
https://github.com/Tribler/self-compile-Android/archive/master.zip -O Tribler--self-compile-Android.zip
https://github.com/flatpak/flatpak/archive/master.zip -O flatpak--flatpak.zip
https://github.com/Orc/discount/archive/master.zip -O Orc--discount.zip
https://github.com/LongSoft/UEFITool/archive/master.zip -O LongSoft--UEFITool.zip
https://github.com/Cr4sh/ThinkPwn/archive/master.zip -O Cr4sh--ThinkPwn.zip
https://github.com/probablycorey/seriously/archive/master.zip -O probablycorey--seriously.zip
https://github.com/cbuchner1/CudaMiner/archive/master.zip -O cbuchner1--CudaMiner.zip
https://github.com/billziss-gh/winfsp/archive/master.zip -O billziss-gh--winfsp.zip
https://github.com/neilalexander/sigmavpn/archive/master.zip -O neilalexander--sigmavpn.zip
https://github.com/facebook/transform/archive/master.zip -O facebook--transform.zip
https://github.com/eclipse/mosquitto/archive/master.zip -O eclipse--mosquitto.zip
https://github.com/tjko/jpegoptim/archive/master.zip -O tjko--jpegoptim.zip
https://github.com/stephane/libmodbus/archive/master.zip -O stephane--libmodbus.zip
https://github.com/ThrowTheSwitch/Unity/archive/master.zip -O ThrowTheSwitch--Unity.zip
https://github.com/mintomic/mintomic/archive/master.zip -O mintomic--mintomic.zip
https://github.com/zenovich/runkit/archive/master.zip -O zenovich--runkit.zip
https://github.com/daoluan/decode-memcached/archive/master.zip -O daoluan--decode-memcached.zip
https://github.com/msgpack/msgpack-ruby/archive/master.zip -O msgpack--msgpack-ruby.zip
https://github.com/teradeep/demo-apps/archive/master.zip -O teradeep--demo-apps.zip
https://github.com/dorimanx/exfat-nofuse/archive/master.zip -O dorimanx--exfat-nofuse.zip
https://github.com/zserge/jsmn/archive/master.zip -O zserge--jsmn.zip
https://github.com/cbsheng/tinyhttpd/archive/master.zip -O cbsheng--tinyhttpd.zip
https://github.com/vinniefalco/LuaBridge/archive/master.zip -O vinniefalco--LuaBridge.zip
https://github.com/fancycode/MemoryModule/archive/master.zip -O fancycode--MemoryModule.zip
https://github.com/michaeltyson/TPCircularBuffer/archive/master.zip -O michaeltyson--TPCircularBuffer.zip
https://github.com/RJ/ketama/archive/master.zip -O RJ--ketama.zip
https://github.com/openresty/echo-nginx-module/archive/master.zip -O openresty--echo-nginx-module.zip
https://github.com/jjgod/mac-dictionary-kit/archive/master.zip -O jjgod--mac-dictionary-kit.zip
https://github.com/libfuse/sshfs/archive/master.zip -O libfuse--sshfs.zip
https://github.com/chokepoint/azazel/archive/master.zip -O chokepoint--azazel.zip
https://github.com/frewsxcv/afl.rs/archive/master.zip -O frewsxcv--afl.rs.zip
https://github.com/iondbproject/iondb/archive/master.zip -O iondbproject--iondb.zip
https://github.com/libfuse/libfuse/archive/master.zip -O libfuse--libfuse.zip
https://github.com/LMDB/lmdb/archive/master.zip -O LMDB--lmdb.zip
https://github.com/ghughes/fruitstrap/archive/master.zip -O ghughes--fruitstrap.zip
https://github.com/moqod/ios-qr-code-encoder/archive/master.zip -O moqod--ios-qr-code-encoder.zip
https://github.com/SamyPesse/devos/archive/master.zip -O SamyPesse--devos.zip
https://github.com/weibocom/nginx-upsync-module/archive/master.zip -O weibocom--nginx-upsync-module.zip
https://github.com/christinaa/rpi-open-firmware/archive/master.zip -O christinaa--rpi-open-firmware.zip
https://github.com/dynup/kpatch/archive/master.zip -O dynup--kpatch.zip
https://github.com/google/honggfuzz/archive/master.zip -O google--honggfuzz.zip
https://github.com/mattgodbolt/zindex/archive/master.zip -O mattgodbolt--zindex.zip
https://github.com/EionRobb/skype4pidgin/archive/master.zip -O EionRobb--skype4pidgin.zip
https://github.com/baskerville/sxhkd/archive/master.zip -O baskerville--sxhkd.zip
https://github.com/zardus/preeny/archive/master.zip -O zardus--preeny.zip
https://github.com/kgabis/parson/archive/master.zip -O kgabis--parson.zip
https://github.com/henkman/virgo/archive/master.zip -O henkman--virgo.zip
https://github.com/olebedev/go-duktape/archive/master.zip -O olebedev--go-duktape.zip
https://github.com/reorg/pg_repack/archive/master.zip -O reorg--pg_repack.zip
https://github.com/jcloudpub/speedy/archive/master.zip -O jcloudpub--speedy.zip
https://github.com/macournoyer/tinyrb/archive/master.zip -O macournoyer--tinyrb.zip
https://github.com/imatix/gsl/archive/master.zip -O imatix--gsl.zip
https://github.com/google/latency-benchmark/archive/master.zip -O google--latency-benchmark.zip
https://github.com/merbanan/rtl_433/archive/master.zip -O merbanan--rtl_433.zip
https://github.com/pepe2k/u-boot_mod/archive/master.zip -O pepe2k--u-boot_mod.zip
https://github.com/obdev/v-usb/archive/master.zip -O obdev--v-usb.zip
https://github.com/alonho/pytrace/archive/master.zip -O alonho--pytrace.zip
https://github.com/zeromq/zyre/archive/master.zip -O zeromq--zyre.zip
https://github.com/pusher/libPusher/archive/master.zip -O pusher--libPusher.zip
https://github.com/dinhviethoa/libetpan/archive/master.zip -O dinhviethoa--libetpan.zip
https://github.com/juhovh/shairplay/archive/master.zip -O juhovh--shairplay.zip
https://github.com/AOP-PHP/AOP/archive/master.zip -O AOP-PHP--AOP.zip
https://github.com/EasyHook/EasyHook/archive/master.zip -O EasyHook--EasyHook.zip
https://github.com/Phildo/pixQL/archive/master.zip -O Phildo--pixQL.zip
https://github.com/vmg/rinku/archive/master.zip -O vmg--rinku.zip
https://github.com/arjun024/mkernel/archive/master.zip -O arjun024--mkernel.zip
https://github.com/twitter/pelikan/archive/master.zip -O twitter--pelikan.zip
https://github.com/haka-security/haka/archive/master.zip -O haka-security--haka.zip
https://github.com/slash-lang/slash/archive/master.zip -O slash-lang--slash.zip
https://github.com/halfninja/android-ffmpeg-x264/archive/master.zip -O halfninja--android-ffmpeg-x264.zip
https://github.com/danginsburg/opengles3-book/archive/master.zip -O danginsburg--opengles3-book.zip
https://github.com/strazzere/android-unpacker/archive/master.zip -O strazzere--android-unpacker.zip
https://github.com/liexusong/php-beast/archive/master.zip -O liexusong--php-beast.zip
https://github.com/ntop/nProbe/archive/master.zip -O ntop--nProbe.zip
https://github.com/OverTheWireOrg/OverTheWire-website/archive/master.zip -O OverTheWireOrg--OverTheWire-website.zip
https://github.com/jordansissel/xdotool/archive/master.zip -O jordansissel--xdotool.zip
https://github.com/quiet/quiet/archive/master.zip -O quiet--quiet.zip
https://github.com/adrianlopezroche/fdupes/archive/master.zip -O adrianlopezroche--fdupes.zip
https://github.com/F5OEO/rpitx/archive/master.zip -O F5OEO--rpitx.zip
https://github.com/armon/hlld/archive/master.zip -O armon--hlld.zip
https://github.com/kokke/tiny-AES128-C/archive/master.zip -O kokke--tiny-AES128-C.zip
https://github.com/ChristopheJacquet/PiFmRds/archive/master.zip -O ChristopheJacquet--PiFmRds.zip
https://github.com/AltraMayor/f3/archive/master.zip -O AltraMayor--f3.zip
https://github.com/lefcha/imapfilter/archive/master.zip -O lefcha--imapfilter.zip
https://github.com/csujedihy/proximac/archive/master.zip -O csujedihy--proximac.zip
https://github.com/kbranigan/cJSON/archive/master.zip -O kbranigan--cJSON.zip
https://github.com/sysstat/sysstat/archive/master.zip -O sysstat--sysstat.zip
https://github.com/matildah/hellcat/archive/master.zip -O matildah--hellcat.zip
https://github.com/jrudolph/perf-map-agent/archive/master.zip -O jrudolph--perf-map-agent.zip
https://github.com/puffnfresh/toggle-osx-shadows/archive/master.zip -O puffnfresh--toggle-osx-shadows.zip
https://github.com/geommer/yabar/archive/master.zip -O geommer--yabar.zip
https://github.com/jpountz/lz4-java/archive/master.zip -O jpountz--lz4-java.zip
https://github.com/thunisoft/unispim/archive/master.zip -O thunisoft--unispim.zip
https://github.com/PaulBatchelor/Soundpipe/archive/master.zip -O PaulBatchelor--Soundpipe.zip
https://github.com/bitly/simplehttp/archive/master.zip -O bitly--simplehttp.zip
https://github.com/priitj/whitedb/archive/master.zip -O priitj--whitedb.zip
https://github.com/jianfengye/nginx-1.0.14_comment/archive/master.zip -O jianfengye--nginx-1.0.14_comment.zip
https://github.com/EZLippi/WebBench/archive/master.zip -O EZLippi--WebBench.zip
https://github.com/felixangell/mac/archive/master.zip -O felixangell--mac.zip
https://github.com/sektioneins/suhosin/archive/master.zip -O sektioneins--suhosin.zip
https://github.com/aggregateknowledge/postgresql-hll/archive/master.zip -O aggregateknowledge--postgresql-hll.zip
https://github.com/ambrop72/badvpn/archive/master.zip -O ambrop72--badvpn.zip
https://github.com/jsdf/pce/archive/master.zip -O jsdf--pce.zip
https://github.com/cnlohr/channel3/archive/master.zip -O cnlohr--channel3.zip
https://github.com/fnordware/AdobeWebM/archive/master.zip -O fnordware--AdobeWebM.zip
https://github.com/emsec/ChameleonMini/archive/master.zip -O emsec--ChameleonMini.zip
https://github.com/geocommons/geocoder/archive/master.zip -O geocommons--geocoder.zip
https://github.com/karlstav/cava/archive/master.zip -O karlstav--cava.zip
https://github.com/fanglingsu/vimb/archive/master.zip -O fanglingsu--vimb.zip
https://github.com/lotabout/write-a-C-interpreter/archive/master.zip -O lotabout--write-a-C-interpreter.zip
https://github.com/reactnativecn/react-native-pushy/archive/master.zip -O reactnativecn--react-native-pushy.zip
https://github.com/damellis/attiny/archive/master.zip -O damellis--attiny.zip
https://github.com/AlexDenisov/iActiveRecord/archive/master.zip -O AlexDenisov--iActiveRecord.zip
https://github.com/robwhess/opensift/archive/master.zip -O robwhess--opensift.zip
https://github.com/dollarshaveclub/ImageButter/archive/master.zip -O dollarshaveclub--ImageButter.zip
https://github.com/monitoringartist/zabbix-docker-monitoring/archive/master.zip -O monitoringartist--zabbix-docker-monitoring.zip
https://github.com/redbo/cloudfuse/archive/master.zip -O redbo--cloudfuse.zip
https://github.com/projectNe10/Ne10/archive/master.zip -O projectNe10--Ne10.zip
https://github.com/rui314/minilisp/archive/master.zip -O rui314--minilisp.zip
https://github.com/cpldcpu/light_ws2812/archive/master.zip -O cpldcpu--light_ws2812.zip
https://github.com/rxi/lovedos/archive/master.zip -O rxi--lovedos.zip
https://github.com/mkoppanen/php-zmq/archive/master.zip -O mkoppanen--php-zmq.zip
https://github.com/owlient/phpredis/archive/master.zip -O owlient--phpredis.zip
https://github.com/session-replay-tools/tcpburn/archive/master.zip -O session-replay-tools--tcpburn.zip
https://github.com/wifidog/wifidog-gateway/archive/master.zip -O wifidog--wifidog-gateway.zip
https://github.com/vmt/udis86/archive/master.zip -O vmt--udis86.zip
https://github.com/f9micro/f9-kernel/archive/master.zip -O f9micro--f9-kernel.zip
https://github.com/kernelslacker/trinity/archive/master.zip -O kernelslacker--trinity.zip
https://github.com/vinjn/awesome-vulkan/archive/master.zip -O vinjn--awesome-vulkan.zip
https://github.com/infinity-gbc/infinity/archive/master.zip -O infinity-gbc--infinity.zip
https://github.com/jgarff/rpi_ws281x/archive/master.zip -O jgarff--rpi_ws281x.zip
https://github.com/IanHarvey/bluepy/archive/master.zip -O IanHarvey--bluepy.zip
https://github.com/psgroove/psgroove/archive/master.zip -O psgroove--psgroove.zip
https://github.com/osxfuse/sshfs/archive/master.zip -O osxfuse--sshfs.zip
https://github.com/miniupnp/miniupnp/archive/master.zip -O miniupnp--miniupnp.zip
https://github.com/planetbeing/iphonelinux/archive/master.zip -O planetbeing--iphonelinux.zip
https://github.com/freebsd/crochet/archive/master.zip -O freebsd--crochet.zip
https://github.com/rentzsch/mach_inject/archive/master.zip -O rentzsch--mach_inject.zip
https://github.com/jabberd2/jabberd2/archive/master.zip -O jabberd2--jabberd2.zip
https://github.com/tj/watch/archive/master.zip -O tj--watch.zip
https://github.com/fabiensanglard/chocolate_duke3D/archive/master.zip -O fabiensanglard--chocolate_duke3D.zip
https://github.com/albfan/miraclecast/archive/master.zip -O albfan--miraclecast.zip
https://github.com/lesovsky/pgcenter/archive/master.zip -O lesovsky--pgcenter.zip
https://github.com/osqzss/gps-sdr-sim/archive/master.zip -O osqzss--gps-sdr-sim.zip
https://github.com/google/ngx_brotli/archive/master.zip -O google--ngx_brotli.zip
https://github.com/bsdphk/Ntimed/archive/master.zip -O bsdphk--Ntimed.zip
https://github.com/swoole/php-cp/archive/master.zip -O swoole--php-cp.zip
https://github.com/spdk/spdk/archive/master.zip -O spdk--spdk.zip
https://github.com/munificent/mark-sweep/archive/master.zip -O munificent--mark-sweep.zip
https://github.com/WuBingzheng/memleax/archive/master.zip -O WuBingzheng--memleax.zip
https://github.com/go-vgo/robotgo/archive/master.zip -O go-vgo--robotgo.zip
https://github.com/Snaipe/Criterion/archive/master.zip -O Snaipe--Criterion.zip
https://github.com/Mzzopublic/C/archive/master.zip -O Mzzopublic--C.zip
https://github.com/DaveGamble/cJSON/archive/master.zip -O DaveGamble--cJSON.zip
https://github.com/Screetsec/TheFatRat/archive/master.zip -O Screetsec--TheFatRat.zip
https://github.com/cloudwu/sproto/archive/master.zip -O cloudwu--sproto.zip
https://github.com/ntruchsess/arduino_uip/archive/master.zip -O ntruchsess--arduino_uip.zip
https://github.com/abperiasamy/rtl8812AU_8821AU_linux/archive/master.zip -O abperiasamy--rtl8812AU_8821AU_linux.zip
https://github.com/FRiCKLE/ngx_postgres/archive/master.zip -O FRiCKLE--ngx_postgres.zip
https://github.com/antirez/shapeme/archive/master.zip -O antirez--shapeme.zip
https://github.com/hanslub42/rlwrap/archive/master.zip -O hanslub42--rlwrap.zip
https://github.com/vishnubob/python-midi/archive/master.zip -O vishnubob--python-midi.zip
https://github.com/ruby/psych/archive/master.zip -O ruby--psych.zip
https://github.com/lh3/bwa/archive/master.zip -O lh3--bwa.zip
https://github.com/garrynewman/GWEN/archive/master.zip -O garrynewman--GWEN.zip
https://github.com/lanoxx/tilda/archive/master.zip -O lanoxx--tilda.zip
https://github.com/wmutils/core/archive/master.zip -O wmutils--core.zip
https://github.com/robinhouston/image-unshredding/archive/master.zip -O robinhouston--image-unshredding.zip
https://github.com/github/synsanity/archive/master.zip -O github--synsanity.zip
https://github.com/Kazade/kazmath/archive/master.zip -O Kazade--kazmath.zip
https://github.com/ServiceManager/ServiceManager/archive/master.zip -O ServiceManager--ServiceManager.zip
https://github.com/a2o/snoopy/archive/master.zip -O a2o--snoopy.zip
https://github.com/openglsuperbible/sb6code/archive/master.zip -O openglsuperbible--sb6code.zip
https://github.com/guardianproject/libsqlfs/archive/master.zip -O guardianproject--libsqlfs.zip
https://github.com/miao1007/Openwrt-NetKeeper/archive/master.zip -O miao1007--Openwrt-NetKeeper.zip
https://github.com/google/nsjail/archive/master.zip -O google--nsjail.zip
https://github.com/jonasdn/nsntrace/archive/master.zip -O jonasdn--nsntrace.zip
https://github.com/Blosc/c-blosc/archive/master.zip -O Blosc--c-blosc.zip
https://github.com/sevenler/Uninstall_Statics/archive/master.zip -O sevenler--Uninstall_Statics.zip
https://github.com/rizsotto/Bear/archive/master.zip -O rizsotto--Bear.zip
https://github.com/memononen/nanosvg/archive/master.zip -O memononen--nanosvg.zip
https://github.com/lericson/pylibmc/archive/master.zip -O lericson--pylibmc.zip
https://github.com/smealum/ctrulib/archive/master.zip -O smealum--ctrulib.zip
https://github.com/atomicobject/heatshrink/archive/master.zip -O atomicobject--heatshrink.zip
https://github.com/masterzen/nginx-upload-progress-module/archive/master.zip -O masterzen--nginx-upload-progress-module.zip
https://github.com/TsudaKageyu/minhook/archive/master.zip -O TsudaKageyu--minhook.zip
https://github.com/PrimeSense/Sensor/archive/master.zip -O PrimeSense--Sensor.zip
https://github.com/martinezjavier/ldd3/archive/master.zip -O martinezjavier--ldd3.zip
https://github.com/shinh/maloader/archive/master.zip -O shinh--maloader.zip
https://github.com/oggy/looksee/archive/master.zip -O oggy--looksee.zip
https://github.com/robm/dzen/archive/master.zip -O robm--dzen.zip
https://github.com/ands/lightmapper/archive/master.zip -O ands--lightmapper.zip
https://github.com/xelatihy/yocto-gl/archive/master.zip -O xelatihy--yocto-gl.zip
https://github.com/antirez/load81/archive/master.zip -O antirez--load81.zip
https://github.com/aardappel/treesheets/archive/master.zip -O aardappel--treesheets.zip
https://github.com/juuso/keychaindump/archive/master.zip -O juuso--keychaindump.zip
https://github.com/FSX/misaka/archive/master.zip -O FSX--misaka.zip
https://github.com/fcambus/logswan/archive/master.zip -O fcambus--logswan.zip
https://github.com/tinyproxy/tinyproxy/archive/master.zip -O tinyproxy--tinyproxy.zip
