https://github.com/julycoding/The-Art-Of-Programming-By-July/archive/master.zip -O julycoding--The-Art-Of-Programming-By-July.zip
https://github.com/irungentoo/toxcore/archive/master.zip -O irungentoo--toxcore.zip
https://github.com/bang590/JSPatch/archive/master.zip -O bang590--JSPatch.zip
https://github.com/stedolan/jq/archive/master.zip -O stedolan--jq.zip
https://github.com/vim/vim/archive/master.zip -O vim--vim.zip
https://github.com/h2o/h2o/archive/master.zip -O h2o--h2o.zip
https://github.com/libgit2/libgit2/archive/master.zip -O libgit2--libgit2.zip
https://github.com/googlecreativelab/anypixel/archive/master.zip -O googlecreativelab--anypixel.zip
https://github.com/tmux/tmux/archive/master.zip -O tmux--tmux.zip
https://github.com/b4winckler/macvim/archive/master.zip -O b4winckler--macvim.zip
https://github.com/libuv/libuv/archive/master.zip -O libuv--libuv.zip
https://github.com/sdegutis/mjolnir/archive/master.zip -O sdegutis--mjolnir.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/tengine/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--tengine.zip
https://github.com/swoole/swoole-src/archive/master.zip -O swoole--swoole-src.zip
https://github.com/jp9000/obs-studio/archive/master.zip -O jp9000--obs-studio.zip
https://github.com/haiwen/seafile/archive/master.zip -O haiwen--seafile.zip
https://github.com/fogleman/Craft/archive/master.zip -O fogleman--Craft.zip
https://github.com/micropython/micropython/archive/master.zip -O micropython--micropython.zip
https://github.com/mist64/xhyve/archive/master.zip -O mist64--xhyve.zip
https://github.com/coolwanglu/vim.js/archive/master.zip -O coolwanglu--vim.js.zip
https://github.com/google/brotli/archive/master.zip -O google--brotli.zip
https://github.com/curl/curl/archive/master.zip -O curl--curl.zip
https://github.com/symless/synergy/archive/master.zip -O symless--synergy.zip
https://github.com/mruby/mruby/archive/master.zip -O mruby--mruby.zip
https://github.com/openresty/lua-nginx-module/archive/master.zip -O openresty--lua-nginx-module.zip
https://github.com/numpy/numpy/archive/master.zip -O numpy--numpy.zip
https://github.com/radare/radare2/archive/master.zip -O radare--radare2.zip
https://github.com/joyent/libuv/archive/master.zip -O joyent--libuv.zip
https://github.com/cesanta/mongoose/archive/master.zip -O cesanta--mongoose.zip
https://github.com/mofarrell/p2pvc/archive/master.zip -O mofarrell--p2pvc.zip
https://github.com/jp9000/OBS/archive/master.zip -O jp9000--OBS.zip
https://github.com/macvim-dev/macvim/archive/master.zip -O macvim-dev--macvim.zip
https://github.com/nginx/nginx/archive/master.zip -O nginx--nginx.zip
https://github.com/cloudius-systems/osv/archive/master.zip -O cloudius-systems--osv.zip
https://github.com/xoreaxeaxeax/movfuscator/archive/master.zip -O xoreaxeaxeax--movfuscator.zip
https://github.com/glfw/glfw/archive/master.zip -O glfw--glfw.zip
https://github.com/pbatard/rufus/archive/master.zip -O pbatard--rufus.zip
https://github.com/mozilla/mozjpeg/archive/master.zip -O mozilla--mozjpeg.zip
https://github.com/OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2/archive/master.zip -O OpenRCT2--OpenRCT2.zip
https://github.com/apple/swift-corelibs-foundation/archive/master.zip -O apple--swift-corelibs-foundation.zip
https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-iOS/archive/master.zip -O WhisperSystems--Signal-iOS.zip
https://github.com/zfsonlinux/zfs/archive/master.zip -O zfsonlinux--zfs.zip
https://github.com/contiki-os/contiki/archive/master.zip -O contiki-os--contiki.zip
https://github.com/hashcat/hashcat/archive/master.zip -O hashcat--hashcat.zip
https://github.com/buaazp/zimg/archive/master.zip -O buaazp--zimg.zip
https://github.com/offensive-security/exploit-database/archive/master.zip -O offensive-security--exploit-database.zip
https://github.com/Samsung/jerryscript/archive/master.zip -O Samsung--jerryscript.zip
https://github.com/sqlcipher/sqlcipher/archive/master.zip -O sqlcipher--sqlcipher.zip
https://github.com/fuchsia-mirror/magenta/archive/master.zip -O fuchsia-mirror--magenta.zip
https://github.com/robotmedia/RMStore/archive/master.zip -O robotmedia--RMStore.zip
https://github.com/cundong/SmartAppUpdates/archive/master.zip -O cundong--SmartAppUpdates.zip
https://github.com/SirCmpwn/sway/archive/master.zip -O SirCmpwn--sway.zip
https://github.com/libgit2/rugged/archive/master.zip -O libgit2--rugged.zip
https://github.com/phalcon/zephir/archive/master.zip -O phalcon--zephir.zip
https://github.com/nginx/nginx-releases/archive/master.zip -O nginx--nginx-releases.zip
https://github.com/sustrik/libmill/archive/master.zip -O sustrik--libmill.zip
https://github.com/stevedekorte/io/archive/master.zip -O stevedekorte--io.zip
https://github.com/tmate-io/tmate/archive/master.zip -O tmate-io--tmate.zip
https://github.com/unbit/uwsgi/archive/master.zip -O unbit--uwsgi.zip
https://github.com/lxc/lxc/archive/master.zip -O lxc--lxc.zip
https://github.com/i3/i3/archive/master.zip -O i3--i3.zip
https://github.com/EyalAr/lwip/archive/master.zip -O EyalAr--lwip.zip
https://github.com/antirez/neural-redis/archive/master.zip -O antirez--neural-redis.zip
https://github.com/FreeRDP/FreeRDP/archive/master.zip -O FreeRDP--FreeRDP.zip
https://github.com/mattn/go-sqlite3/archive/master.zip -O mattn--go-sqlite3.zip
https://github.com/systemd/systemd/archive/master.zip -O systemd--systemd.zip
https://github.com/mbebenita/Broadway/archive/master.zip -O mbebenita--Broadway.zip
https://github.com/klange/toaruos/archive/master.zip -O klange--toaruos.zip
https://github.com/tmk/tmk_keyboard/archive/master.zip -O tmk--tmk_keyboard.zip
https://github.com/hexchat/hexchat/archive/master.zip -O hexchat--hexchat.zip
https://github.com/collectd/collectd/archive/master.zip -O collectd--collectd.zip
https://github.com/dokan-dev/dokany/archive/master.zip -O dokan-dev--dokany.zip
https://github.com/minoca/os/archive/master.zip -O minoca--os.zip
https://github.com/irssi/irssi/archive/master.zip -O irssi--irssi.zip
https://github.com/aerospike/aerospike-server/archive/master.zip -O aerospike--aerospike-server.zip
https://github.com/BinaryAnalysisPlatform/qira/archive/master.zip -O BinaryAnalysisPlatform--qira.zip
https://github.com/sumatrapdfreader/sumatrapdf/archive/master.zip -O sumatrapdfreader--sumatrapdf.zip
https://github.com/ossec/ossec-hids/archive/master.zip -O ossec--ossec-hids.zip
https://github.com/waruqi/tbox/archive/master.zip -O waruqi--tbox.zip
https://github.com/mongrel2/mongrel2/archive/master.zip -O mongrel2--mongrel2.zip
https://github.com/tarantool/tarantool/archive/master.zip -O tarantool--tarantool.zip
https://github.com/fontforge/fontforge/archive/master.zip -O fontforge--fontforge.zip
https://github.com/darlinghq/darling/archive/master.zip -O darlinghq--darling.zip
https://github.com/shoes/shoes/archive/master.zip -O shoes--shoes.zip
https://github.com/SpiderLabs/ModSecurity/archive/master.zip -O SpiderLabs--ModSecurity.zip
https://github.com/ging/licode/archive/master.zip -O ging--licode.zip
https://github.com/OpenVPN/openvpn/archive/master.zip -O OpenVPN--openvpn.zip
https://github.com/joyent/smartos-live/archive/master.zip -O joyent--smartos-live.zip
https://github.com/VirusTotal/yara/archive/master.zip -O VirusTotal--yara.zip
https://github.com/juliocesarfort/public-pentesting-reports/archive/master.zip -O juliocesarfort--public-pentesting-reports.zip
https://github.com/hak5darren/USB-Rubber-Ducky/archive/master.zip -O hak5darren--USB-Rubber-Ducky.zip
https://github.com/DaveDavenport/rofi/archive/master.zip -O DaveDavenport--rofi.zip
https://github.com/pipelinedb/pipelinedb/archive/master.zip -O pipelinedb--pipelinedb.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/Windows-driver-samples/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--Windows-driver-samples.zip
https://github.com/openvswitch/ovs/archive/master.zip -O openvswitch--ovs.zip
https://github.com/raspberrypi/userland/archive/master.zip -O raspberrypi--userland.zip
https://github.com/btrask/stronglink/archive/master.zip -O btrask--stronglink.zip
https://github.com/answer-huang/dSYMTools/archive/master.zip -O answer-huang--dSYMTools.zip
https://github.com/iiordanov/remote-desktop-clients/archive/master.zip -O iiordanov--remote-desktop-clients.zip
https://github.com/texane/stlink/archive/master.zip -O texane--stlink.zip
https://github.com/pili-engineering/PLCameraStreamingKit/archive/master.zip -O pili-engineering--PLCameraStreamingKit.zip
https://github.com/tvheadend/tvheadend/archive/master.zip -O tvheadend--tvheadend.zip
https://github.com/varnish/Varnish-Cache/archive/master.zip -O varnish--Varnish-Cache.zip
https://github.com/gluster/glusterfs/archive/master.zip -O gluster--glusterfs.zip
https://github.com/jagt/clumsy/archive/master.zip -O jagt--clumsy.zip
https://github.com/universal-ctags/ctags/archive/master.zip -O universal-ctags--ctags.zip
https://github.com/jcupitt/libvips/archive/master.zip -O jcupitt--libvips.zip
https://github.com/lexborisov/myhtml/archive/master.zip -O lexborisov--myhtml.zip
https://github.com/wiredtiger/wiredtiger/archive/master.zip -O wiredtiger--wiredtiger.zip
https://github.com/espruino/Espruino/archive/master.zip -O espruino--Espruino.zip
https://github.com/FascinatedBox/lily/archive/master.zip -O FascinatedBox--lily.zip
https://github.com/HandBrake/HandBrake/archive/master.zip -O HandBrake--HandBrake.zip
https://github.com/Airblader/i3/archive/master.zip -O Airblader--i3.zip
https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/archive/master.zip -O Rdatatable--data.table.zip
https://github.com/warmcat/libwebsockets/archive/master.zip -O warmcat--libwebsockets.zip
https://github.com/nicklockwood/FastCoding/archive/master.zip -O nicklockwood--FastCoding.zip
https://github.com/meetecho/janus-gateway/archive/master.zip -O meetecho--janus-gateway.zip
https://github.com/madeye/gaeproxy/archive/master.zip -O madeye--gaeproxy.zip
https://github.com/geany/geany/archive/master.zip -O geany--geany.zip
https://github.com/cesanta/v7/archive/master.zip -O cesanta--v7.zip
https://github.com/Softmotions/ejdb/archive/master.zip -O Softmotions--ejdb.zip
https://github.com/luke-jr/bfgminer/archive/master.zip -O luke-jr--bfgminer.zip
https://github.com/usrbinnc/netcat-cpi-kernel-module/archive/master.zip -O usrbinnc--netcat-cpi-kernel-module.zip
https://github.com/moyix/panda/archive/master.zip -O moyix--panda.zip
https://github.com/rmagick-temp/rmagick/archive/master.zip -O rmagick-temp--rmagick.zip
https://github.com/digego/extempore/archive/master.zip -O digego--extempore.zip
https://github.com/nmathewson/Libevent/archive/master.zip -O nmathewson--Libevent.zip
https://github.com/vlfeat/vlfeat/archive/master.zip -O vlfeat--vlfeat.zip
https://github.com/AdAway/AdAway/archive/master.zip -O AdAway--AdAway.zip
https://github.com/irtimmer/moonlight-embedded/archive/master.zip -O irtimmer--moonlight-embedded.zip
https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbedtls/archive/master.zip -O ARMmbed--mbedtls.zip
https://github.com/mysql-inception/inception/archive/master.zip -O mysql-inception--inception.zip
https://github.com/sleuthkit/sleuthkit/archive/master.zip -O sleuthkit--sleuthkit.zip
https://github.com/Ettercap/ettercap/archive/master.zip -O Ettercap--ettercap.zip
https://github.com/krakjoe/phpdbg/archive/master.zip -O krakjoe--phpdbg.zip
https://github.com/JFreegman/toxic/archive/master.zip -O JFreegman--toxic.zip
https://github.com/signal11/hidapi/archive/master.zip -O signal11--hidapi.zip
https://github.com/uzbl/uzbl/archive/master.zip -O uzbl--uzbl.zip
https://github.com/ivmai/bdwgc/archive/master.zip -O ivmai--bdwgc.zip
https://github.com/jackhumbert/qmk_firmware/archive/master.zip -O jackhumbert--qmk_firmware.zip
https://github.com/FFTW/fftw3/archive/master.zip -O FFTW--fftw3.zip
https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh/archive/master.zip -O zsh-users--zsh.zip
https://github.com/hyperic/sigar/archive/master.zip -O hyperic--sigar.zip
https://github.com/SOHUDBA/SOHU-DBProxy/archive/master.zip -O SOHUDBA--SOHU-DBProxy.zip
https://github.com/leixiaohua1020/simplest_ffmpeg_mobile/archive/master.zip -O leixiaohua1020--simplest_ffmpeg_mobile.zip
https://github.com/littlekernel/lk/archive/master.zip -O littlekernel--lk.zip
https://github.com/y123456yz/reading-code-of-nginx-1.9.2/archive/master.zip -O y123456yz--reading-code-of-nginx-1.9.2.zip
https://github.com/TeamWin/Team-Win-Recovery-Project/archive/master.zip -O TeamWin--Team-Win-Recovery-Project.zip
https://github.com/skypeopensource/skypeopensource2/archive/master.zip -O skypeopensource--skypeopensource2.zip
https://github.com/OculusVR/RiftDK1/archive/master.zip -O OculusVR--RiftDK1.zip
https://github.com/rainmeter/rainmeter/archive/master.zip -O rainmeter--rainmeter.zip
https://github.com/FreeApophis/TrueCrypt/archive/master.zip -O FreeApophis--TrueCrypt.zip
https://github.com/madeye/proxydroid/archive/master.zip -O madeye--proxydroid.zip
https://github.com/jlamarche/iOS-OpenGLES-Stuff/archive/master.zip -O jlamarche--iOS-OpenGLES-Stuff.zip
https://github.com/jbangert/trapcc/archive/master.zip -O jbangert--trapcc.zip
https://github.com/notsecure/uTox/archive/master.zip -O notsecure--uTox.zip
https://github.com/mit-pdos/xv6-public/archive/master.zip -O mit-pdos--xv6-public.zip
https://github.com/mariadb-corporation/MaxScale/archive/master.zip -O mariadb-corporation--MaxScale.zip
https://github.com/boothj5/profanity/archive/master.zip -O boothj5--profanity.zip
https://github.com/Qihoo360/huststore/archive/master.zip -O Qihoo360--huststore.zip
https://github.com/FreeRDP/Remmina/archive/master.zip -O FreeRDP--Remmina.zip
https://github.com/CipherShed/CipherShed/archive/master.zip -O CipherShed--CipherShed.zip
https://github.com/veracrypt/VeraCrypt/archive/master.zip -O veracrypt--VeraCrypt.zip
https://github.com/djcb/mu/archive/master.zip -O djcb--mu.zip
https://github.com/openvenues/libpostal/archive/master.zip -O openvenues--libpostal.zip
https://github.com/GangZhuo/BaiduPCS/archive/master.zip -O GangZhuo--BaiduPCS.zip
https://github.com/cesanta/mongoose-iot/archive/master.zip -O cesanta--mongoose-iot.zip
https://github.com/mgba-emu/mgba/archive/master.zip -O mgba-emu--mgba.zip
https://github.com/holmium/dnsforwarder/archive/master.zip -O holmium--dnsforwarder.zip
https://github.com/sheepdog/sheepdog/archive/master.zip -O sheepdog--sheepdog.zip
https://github.com/openzfsonosx/zfs/archive/master.zip -O openzfsonosx--zfs.zip
https://github.com/docker/hyperkit/archive/master.zip -O docker--hyperkit.zip
https://github.com/libarchive/libarchive/archive/master.zip -O libarchive--libarchive.zip
https://github.com/atg/Ingredients/archive/master.zip -O atg--Ingredients.zip
https://github.com/vvviperrr/SimpleRT/archive/master.zip -O vvviperrr--SimpleRT.zip
https://github.com/OpenSC/OpenSC/archive/master.zip -O OpenSC--OpenSC.zip
https://github.com/pangweiwei/slua/archive/master.zip -O pangweiwei--slua.zip
https://github.com/audacity/audacity/archive/master.zip -O audacity--audacity.zip
https://github.com/madlib/madlib/archive/master.zip -O madlib--madlib.zip
https://github.com/ellzey/libevhtp/archive/master.zip -O ellzey--libevhtp.zip
https://github.com/gittup/tup/archive/master.zip -O gittup--tup.zip
https://github.com/FauxFaux/PuTTYTray/archive/master.zip -O FauxFaux--PuTTYTray.zip
https://github.com/ntop/nDPI/archive/master.zip -O ntop--nDPI.zip
https://github.com/premake/premake-core/archive/master.zip -O premake--premake-core.zip
https://github.com/libharu/libharu/archive/master.zip -O libharu--libharu.zip
https://github.com/lwfinger/rtl8188eu/archive/master.zip -O lwfinger--rtl8188eu.zip
https://github.com/zeromq/czmq/archive/master.zip -O zeromq--czmq.zip
https://github.com/rougier/freetype-gl/archive/master.zip -O rougier--freetype-gl.zip
https://github.com/haproxy/haproxy/archive/master.zip -O haproxy--haproxy.zip
https://github.com/Cyan4973/FiniteStateEntropy/archive/master.zip -O Cyan4973--FiniteStateEntropy.zip
https://github.com/oNaiPs/droidVncServer/archive/master.zip -O oNaiPs--droidVncServer.zip
https://github.com/aircrack-ng/aircrack-ng/archive/master.zip -O aircrack-ng--aircrack-ng.zip
https://github.com/Visgean/Zeus/archive/master.zip -O Visgean--Zeus.zip
https://github.com/ntop/PF_RING/archive/master.zip -O ntop--PF_RING.zip
https://github.com/axboe/fio/archive/master.zip -O axboe--fio.zip
https://github.com/applidium/Vim/archive/master.zip -O applidium--Vim.zip
https://github.com/schwabe/ics-openvpn/archive/master.zip -O schwabe--ics-openvpn.zip
https://github.com/freebsd/pkg/archive/master.zip -O freebsd--pkg.zip
https://github.com/bwalex/tc-play/archive/master.zip -O bwalex--tc-play.zip
https://github.com/isislab/Hack-Night/archive/master.zip -O isislab--Hack-Night.zip
https://github.com/brho/plan9/archive/master.zip -O brho--plan9.zip
https://github.com/id-Software/DOOM-iOS/archive/master.zip -O id-Software--DOOM-iOS.zip
https://github.com/mubix/post-exploitation/archive/master.zip -O mubix--post-exploitation.zip
https://github.com/majn/telegram-purple/archive/master.zip -O majn--telegram-purple.zip
https://github.com/chyyuu/ucore_os_lab/archive/master.zip -O chyyuu--ucore_os_lab.zip
https://github.com/reicast/reicast-emulator/archive/master.zip -O reicast--reicast-emulator.zip
https://github.com/corosync/corosync/archive/master.zip -O corosync--corosync.zip
https://github.com/civetweb/civetweb/archive/master.zip -O civetweb--civetweb.zip
https://github.com/zhengshuxin/acl/archive/master.zip -O zhengshuxin--acl.zip
https://github.com/linux-test-project/ltp/archive/master.zip -O linux-test-project--ltp.zip
https://github.com/KLab/PlaygroundOSS/archive/master.zip -O KLab--PlaygroundOSS.zip
https://github.com/elua/elua/archive/master.zip -O elua--elua.zip
https://github.com/commoncrawl/commoncrawl/archive/master.zip -O commoncrawl--commoncrawl.zip
https://github.com/gambit/gambit/archive/master.zip -O gambit--gambit.zip
https://github.com/hillegass/BNRPersistence/archive/master.zip -O hillegass--BNRPersistence.zip
https://github.com/sermanet/OverFeat/archive/master.zip -O sermanet--OverFeat.zip
https://github.com/the-tcpdump-group/libpcap/archive/master.zip -O the-tcpdump-group--libpcap.zip
https://github.com/samtools/samtools/archive/master.zip -O samtools--samtools.zip
https://github.com/samdmarshall/SDMMobileDevice/archive/master.zip -O samdmarshall--SDMMobileDevice.zip
https://github.com/yasm/yasm/archive/master.zip -O yasm--yasm.zip
https://github.com/MidnightCommander/mc/archive/master.zip -O MidnightCommander--mc.zip
https://github.com/the-tcpdump-group/tcpdump/archive/master.zip -O the-tcpdump-group--tcpdump.zip
https://github.com/shaunlebron/blinky/archive/master.zip -O shaunlebron--blinky.zip
https://github.com/ProjectVault/orp/archive/master.zip -O ProjectVault--orp.zip
https://github.com/libtom/libtomcrypt/archive/master.zip -O libtom--libtomcrypt.zip
https://github.com/pfq/PFQ/archive/master.zip -O pfq--PFQ.zip
https://github.com/indutny/bud/archive/master.zip -O indutny--bud.zip
https://github.com/olikraus/u8glib/archive/master.zip -O olikraus--u8glib.zip
https://github.com/Alexey-Yakovenko/deadbeef/archive/master.zip -O Alexey-Yakovenko--deadbeef.zip
https://github.com/darwin-on-arm/xnu/archive/master.zip -O darwin-on-arm--xnu.zip
https://github.com/emweb/wt/archive/master.zip -O emweb--wt.zip
https://github.com/cherokee/webserver/archive/master.zip -O cherokee--webserver.zip
https://github.com/LuaDist/luajit/archive/master.zip -O LuaDist--luajit.zip
https://github.com/rustyrussell/ccan/archive/master.zip -O rustyrussell--ccan.zip
https://github.com/rogerclarkmelbourne/Arduino_STM32/archive/master.zip -O rogerclarkmelbourne--Arduino_STM32.zip
https://github.com/olilarkin/wdl-ol/archive/master.zip -O olilarkin--wdl-ol.zip
https://github.com/vstakhov/rspamd/archive/master.zip -O vstakhov--rspamd.zip
https://github.com/rsyslog/rsyslog/archive/master.zip -O rsyslog--rsyslog.zip
https://github.com/balabit/syslog-ng/archive/master.zip -O balabit--syslog-ng.zip
https://github.com/netsniff-ng/netsniff-ng/archive/master.zip -O netsniff-ng--netsniff-ng.zip
https://github.com/APE-Project/APE_Server/archive/master.zip -O APE-Project--APE_Server.zip
https://github.com/vmware/open-vm-tools/archive/master.zip -O vmware--open-vm-tools.zip
https://github.com/libjpeg-turbo/libjpeg-turbo/archive/master.zip -O libjpeg-turbo--libjpeg-turbo.zip
https://github.com/aubio/aubio/archive/master.zip -O aubio--aubio.zip
https://github.com/xemul/criu/archive/master.zip -O xemul--criu.zip
https://github.com/mntmn/interim/archive/master.zip -O mntmn--interim.zip
https://github.com/JonDoNym/peinjector/archive/master.zip -O JonDoNym--peinjector.zip
https://github.com/mavlink/mavlink/archive/master.zip -O mavlink--mavlink.zip
https://github.com/neutrinolabs/xrdp/archive/master.zip -O neutrinolabs--xrdp.zip
https://github.com/opensource-apple/xnu/archive/master.zip -O opensource-apple--xnu.zip
https://github.com/jgarzik/cpuminer/archive/master.zip -O jgarzik--cpuminer.zip
https://github.com/fcitx/fcitx/archive/master.zip -O fcitx--fcitx.zip
https://github.com/rssnsj/openwrt-hc5x61/archive/master.zip -O rssnsj--openwrt-hc5x61.zip
https://github.com/Nuand/bladeRF/archive/master.zip -O Nuand--bladeRF.zip
https://github.com/varnishcache/varnish-cache/archive/master.zip -O varnishcache--varnish-cache.zip
https://github.com/gsliepen/tinc/archive/master.zip -O gsliepen--tinc.zip
https://github.com/angband/angband/archive/master.zip -O angband--angband.zip
https://github.com/danielgtaylor/jpeg-archive/archive/master.zip -O danielgtaylor--jpeg-archive.zip
https://github.com/xelerance/Openswan/archive/master.zip -O xelerance--Openswan.zip
https://github.com/saitoha/libsixel/archive/master.zip -O saitoha--libsixel.zip
https://github.com/jserv/facebooc/archive/master.zip -O jserv--facebooc.zip
https://github.com/waruqi/xmake/archive/master.zip -O waruqi--xmake.zip
https://github.com/trenskow/AirFloat/archive/master.zip -O trenskow--AirFloat.zip
https://github.com/groonga/groonga/archive/master.zip -O groonga--groonga.zip
https://github.com/NMSSH/NMSSH/archive/master.zip -O NMSSH--NMSSH.zip
https://github.com/omnirom/android_bootable_recovery/archive/master.zip -O omnirom--android_bootable_recovery.zip
https://github.com/kamailio/kamailio/archive/master.zip -O kamailio--kamailio.zip
https://github.com/baiduwearable/duband/archive/master.zip -O baiduwearable--duband.zip
https://github.com/ClusterLabs/pacemaker/archive/master.zip -O ClusterLabs--pacemaker.zip
https://github.com/Proxmark/proxmark3/archive/master.zip -O Proxmark--proxmark3.zip
https://github.com/dariomanesku/cmftStudio/archive/master.zip -O dariomanesku--cmftStudio.zip
https://github.com/sahib/rmlint/archive/master.zip -O sahib--rmlint.zip
https://github.com/nmap/npcap/archive/master.zip -O nmap--npcap.zip
https://github.com/karelzak/mutt-kz/archive/master.zip -O karelzak--mutt-kz.zip
https://github.com/jaketmp/ePub-quicklook/archive/master.zip -O jaketmp--ePub-quicklook.zip
https://github.com/szcom/rnnlib/archive/master.zip -O szcom--rnnlib.zip
https://github.com/SuperHouse/esp-open-rtos/archive/master.zip -O SuperHouse--esp-open-rtos.zip
https://github.com/oetiker/rrdtool-1.x/archive/master.zip -O oetiker--rrdtool-1.x.zip
https://github.com/maharmstone/btrfs/archive/master.zip -O maharmstone--btrfs.zip
https://github.com/guilleiguaran/xv6/archive/master.zip -O guilleiguaran--xv6.zip
https://github.com/Kinoma/kinomajs/archive/master.zip -O Kinoma--kinomajs.zip
https://github.com/ganglia/monitor-core/archive/master.zip -O ganglia--monitor-core.zip
https://github.com/gianlucabertani/Objective-Zip/archive/master.zip -O gianlucabertani--Objective-Zip.zip
https://github.com/pkelsey/libuinet/archive/master.zip -O pkelsey--libuinet.zip
https://github.com/performancecopilot/pcp/archive/master.zip -O performancecopilot--pcp.zip
